>> Mike North: So the next exercise, and
I'm actually gonna go through it and
solve this right away cuz we do have
a couple more little steps here and
I don't want us to get in the weeds here.
But what we're gonna do is
we're gonna tune our editor and
I've given you a couple background colors
and things to add in your customizations.
And I've challenged you
to define your own syntax
highlighting scheme using
coolors.co as a basis for this.
So if we click on this,
you can see you have a variety of
different color schemes to pick from.
>> Mike North: Do we need Flash for this?
No we don't, thankfully.
So, if you are at a loss as to what
colors look good together against
a dark background,
this might be a good place to start.
Where you could use some
of these as inspiration for
different things that would
make sense in a single pallete.
>> Mike North: I'm gonna ask
you to disable the minimap,
disable the indent guides, which are those
things that show you, this is one tab,
this is two tabs,
various levels of indent.
And then we're gonna add a place holder
image for basically adding, if you've
never used placecorgi.com, it will give
you an image of prescribed dimensions.
But we're gonna have two little place
holders in there that will let us
just type in ph, tab,
and then, 300 tab, 200,
and we'll have an image tag that
matches our particular dimensions.